CMPUT-274 Final project proposal

Date - November 8, 2017

Project Title: Arduino Music Player

Team Members: Danish Dua, 1499658 and Kenta Tellambura, 1514623

Description:
We are gonna be building a music player with an amazing looking feature packed
GUI on an Adafruit a tft screen. The idea is to use TRMpcm library (link:
https://github.com/TMRh20/TMRpcm) to play wav files on 8 Ohm 5W audio speaker
powered by a LM386 audio amplifier IC. Since the library is very powerful and
would help us implement most of the running music and memory management stuff,
our main goal is to get more auxiliary features like play/pause, shuffle,
volume control and scrolling working to make it a really powerful music
player that gives you load of things to play around with.

Note:
At first it might seem like the Arduino might not be powerful enough to handle
this and the library warns about slowed parallel execution on music play but we
will handle that with a simple feature that doesn't allow you to play music in
list or thumbnail view, the only time you can play music is when you're on the
music GUI

Milestones:
1.	Nov 14
	Just have the basic music playing and selection running over Command line/
  serial/physical button. Implement some other features like volume control via
  joystick and have a framework for GUI.

2.	Nov 24
	Write the GUI base and Start packing in the stuff in the GUI. Have empty spaces
  for the features like play/pause and volume and basically have everything running
  except auxiliary features

3.	Dec 2
	Implement all the planned auxiliary features, clean up the GUI and implement the
  button bitmaps. The buttons might not do anything and we would end up having only
  joystick control for volume and play/pause and different selections on the screen
  for scrolling if we have processing power issues.

4.	Stretch goals
	Have touch screen input instead of joystick. Implement stereo system instead of
  mono. Read data to display directly from wav files than a specific .txt file for
  information

Note:
Though this project might seem like a stretch, a lot of features and things we're
implementing are very similar to the stuff we've done earlier, especially for memory
management (by using smaller structs as we did in assignment 2), caching data
and displaying images from sd in an efficient way. Plus we only expect to test on 30
songs and that's not a lot of data (information about song) anyway.
